From:  application installation directory.
=================================================

DiskGenius End User License Agreement

PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING TERMS AND CONDITIONS CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS 
SOFTWARE, INCLUDING DISCLAIMERS AND RESTRICTIONS ON USERS' RIGHT. BY USING THIS 
APPLICATION, YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT.

THIS DISKGENIUS END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT (THE "AGREEMENT") IS A LEGALLY 
BINDING AGREEMENT BETWEEN YOU (EITHER AN INDIVIDUAL OR A SINGLE ENTITY) AND 
EASSOS TECH CO., LTD., THE DEVELOPER OF DISKGENIUS (THE "SOFTWARE"). PLEASE 
READ THESE TERMS CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THE SOFTWARE. ANY SOFTWARE, ELECTRONIC 
DOCUMENTS, ETC. RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GRANTED TO YOU IN ACCORDANCE 
WITH THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT. THIS AGREEMENT SHALL APPLY TO ANY NEW RELEASES 
AND UPDATES RELATED TO THE SOFTWARE. INSTALLING AND USING THE SOFTWARE SIGNIFIES 
ACCEPTANCE OF THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE AGREEMENT. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE 
TO THE TERMS OF THE AGREEMENT, DO NOT INSTALL OR USE THE SOFTWARE.

1. LICENSE GRANT.  Eassos Tech. Co., Ltd. grants you a license to use one copy 
of the version of this software on any one system for as many licenses as you 
purchase.  "You" means the company, entity or individual whose funds are used 
to pay the license fee.  "Use" means storing, loading, installing, executing or 
displaying the software.  You may not modify the software or disable any 
licensing or control features of the software except as an intended part of the 
software's programming features.  This license is not transferable to any other 
system, or to another organization or individual.  You are expected to use the 
software on your system and to thoroughly evaluate its usefulness and 
functionality before making a purchase.  This "try before you buy" approach is 
the ultimate guarantee that the software will perform to your satisfaction, 
therefore, you understand and agree that there is no refund policy for any 
purchase of the software.

2. OWNERSHIP. All titles, copyrights and other intellectual property rights in 
and to the Software product (including but not limited to any images, icons, 
buttons, artwork, design elements, photographs, animations, video, audio, text 
and "applets", incorporated into the Software), the accompanying materials, and 
any copies of the Software, are owned by Eassos. You must not copy and modify 
these materials publicly.

3. THE SOFTWARE PRODUCT IS SHAREWARE. YOU CAN DOWNLOAD, INSTALL, COPY AND 
DISTRIBUTE THE UNREGISTERED VERSION OF THE SOFTWARE FOR NON-COMMERCIAL USE, BUT 
THE SOFTWARE INTEGRITY MUST BE GUARANTEED. NO COMMERCIAL SELLING, COPY AND 
DISTRIBUTION, AND COMMERCIAL USE OF THE REGISTERED VERSION, INCLUDING SOFTWARE 
PRE-INSTALLATION AND BUNDLING, IS ALLOWED WITHOUT PRIOR WRITTEN PERMISSION FROM 
THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER. YOU MUST NOT ADD THIS SOFTWARE TO ANY COMMERCIAL CAMPAIGNS 
OR PRODUCTS WITHOUT WRITTEN PERMISSION. THIS SOFTWARE CANNOT BE USED FOR 
COMMERCIAL PURPOSES.

4. REVERSE ENGINEERING. You agree that you will not attempt to reverse compile, 
modify, translate, or disassemble the Software in whole or in part. You cannot 
modify the Software or disable any licensing or control features of the 
Software. The modified Software must not be included in devices like CD/DVD, 
disk, network, etc. or installed on computer. Otherwise, the software developer 
reserves the right to pursue legal and infringer will bear legal liability 
arising therefrom.

5. WARRANTIES AND DISCLAIMERS. In view of the differences and complexity of 
computer hardware and software, the Software cannot guarantee all functions 
perform normally and achieve expected result under any circumstances. The 
software developer does not take any responsibility for any consequences caused 
by the use of the Software.

6. The software developer is not responsible for damages caused by the use or 
installation of the Software. These damages may result from conflicts with 
other installed applications or inability to use the Software. The software 
develop is not liable for data loss, damages, loss of profits or any other kind 
of loss while using or misusing this Software.

7. You may need to request registration from software developer or agent to 
facilitate usage of the Software and get technical support. Registering the 
Software may need your information or computer hardware information. The 
software developer does not track or monitor your computer, nor collects or 
reveals personal information. Besides, your information won't be provided to 
any third party. Meanwhile, the Software does not contain any malicious code to 
destroy or collect your privacy information or monitor computer.

8. The Software has been thoroughly tested, but it is not guaranteed to be 
fully compatible with all hardware. If there is any incompatibility issue, you 
can report to the developer. If the issue cannot be solved, you can delete the 
software.

9. Since the Software can be downloaded and distributed through the network, it 
is not possible to guarantee whether the software which is obtained from 
non-specified site or other media is infected with computer virus. The 
developer is not liable for damages caused therefrom. 

10. THE SOFTWARE PROVIDES FUNCTIONS RELATED TO DISK, FILE SYSTEM, FILE 
OPERATIONS AND SO ON. ANY FUNCTION MAY CAUSE DAMAGE TO USERS' COMPUTER DUE TO 
PARTICULARITY OF THE SOFTWARE. USERS SHOULD USE THE SOFTWARE CORRECTLY. THE USE 
OF THE SOFTWARE MEANS THAT USERS ARE AWARE OF THE FUNCTIONAL FEATURES, HAVE 
MASTERED NECESSARY BACKGROUND KNOWLEDGE AND KNOW ALL POSSIBLE CONSEQUENCES 
CAUSED BY ALL OPERATIONS. NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND IS EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED. YOU 
USE AT YOUR OWN RISK. EASSOS TECH. CO., LTD. WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR DATA LOSS, 
DAMAGES, LOSS OF PROFITS OR ANY OTHER KIND OF LOSS WHILE USING OR MISUSING THIS 
SOFTWARE.

11. The Software will keep updating based on needs of users. The software 
developer will provide information support such as user manuals, Emails, etc. 
but there is no guarantee that support content and functions do not change.

12. The Software may collect information about your use of the software and 
feedback from time to time in order to improve functionality and service 
quality. We do not collect personal information such as name, address, and 
contact information as well as file content related to security. Any 
information will be kept strictly confidential.

13. ONCE YOU PURCHASE AND REGISTER THE SOFTWARE, BECOMING A REGISTERED USER, 
THE SOFTWARE TURNS TO THE REGISTERED VERSION. YOU CAN USE THE REGISTERED 
SOFTWARE ON YOUR OWN COMPUTER ONLY, NOT ALLOWED TO SHARE IT WITH ANY THIRD 
PARTY. YOU MAY NOT PROVIDE LICENSE CODE, LICENSE KEY AND OTHER INFORMATION FOR 
ANY THIRD PARTY INCLUDING ALL KINDS OF INTERNET MEDIA. OTHERWISE, THE SOFTWARE 
DEVELOPER HAS THE RIGHT TO RESTRICT SOFTWARE USAGE THROUGH TECHNICAL METHOD AND 
THE USER SHALL BE INVESTIGATED FOR LEGAL RESPONSIBILITY.

14. If you do not agree with or violate this Agreement, the Agreement 
terminates automatically and you must remove the Software.

Website: https://www.diskgenius.com
Email:  support@eassos.com
